bingo/README.md, before:

<!--
Copyright (c) 2016 YCSB contributors. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You
may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License. See accompanying
LICENSE file.
-->

## Quick Start

This section describes how to run YCSB on Bingo.

### 1. Start RADOS

### 2. Install Java and Maven

### 3. Set Up YCSB

Git clone YCSB and compile:

    git clone -b bingo http://github.com/chanyoung/YCSB.git
    cd YCSB
    mvn clean package

You can compile only RADOS-binding, EG:

    mvn -pl com.yahoo.ycsb:bingo-binding -am clean package

You can skip the test, EG:

    mvn -pl com.yahoo.ycsb:bingo-binding -am clean package -DskipTests

### 4. Configuration Parameters

### 5. Load data and run tests

Load the data:

    ./bin/ycsb load bingo -s -P workloads/workloada > outputLoad.txt

Run the workload test:

    ./bin/ycsb run bingo -s -P workloads/workloada > outputRun.txt

Commit message:

Add bingo hostname and port flags

bingo/README.md, after:

<!--
Copyright (c) 2016 YCSB contributors. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You
may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License. See accompanying
LICENSE file.
-->

## Quick Start

This section describes how to run YCSB on Bingo.

### 1. Start RADOS

### 2. Install Java and Maven

### 3. Set Up YCSB

Git clone YCSB and compile:

    git clone -b bingo http://github.com/chanyoung/YCSB.git
    cd YCSB
    mvn clean package

You can compile only RADOS-binding, EG:

    mvn -pl com.yahoo.ycsb:bingo-binding -am clean package

You can skip the test, EG:

    mvn -pl com.yahoo.ycsb:bingo-binding -am clean package -DskipTests

### 4. Configuration Parameters

- `bingo.host`
  - The host name of bingo process
  - Default value is 'localhost'

- `bingo.port`
  - The port of bingo process
  - Default value is '51000'

You can set configurations with the shell command, EG: 

    ./bin/ycsb load bingo -s -P workloads/workloada -p "bingo.host=localhost" -p "bingo.port=51000" > outputLoad.txt

### 5. Load data and run tests

Load the data:

    ./bin/ycsb load bingo -s -P workloads/workloada > outputLoad.txt

Run the workload test:

    ./bin/ycsb run bingo -s -P workloads/workloada > outputRun.txt
